friend how about me not roger arakaki I am
the lady more thing is the chef
sushi restaurant executive and
today we are going to present you a
delicious dish here we have the pejerrey
the only thing that stops is to pepper the
pejerrey and there I will go through flour
in this case I have chuño to come out
a little more crispy I will use 4 for
make a single dish with a toothpick
what I'm going to do is enter here
fold it
and put the little ball
there is look in this way notice
is
ideal temperature 150 degrees so that
crispy the tea that reigned
I'm warmed up here
my pan of a little oil here
not a lot of oil I'm going to put the
carrot
I'm going to put the yellow one and the
habit
then the pepper
I do not want to fry them remember if not
only a sofrito as they say for
let loose all its flavor
I will add the heads of first
the Chinese onion
and then now only this
not just made a little bit of sauce
soy vinegar rice if you do not have
rice vinegar do not worry they can
using vinegar to take home water
a little bit to lower the intensity of
the soy sauce and now let's put it
sugar
now this what we are going to do is
hope that the first boil is already
starting to boil over there so that
it is protects kings too they are already
fried and all you have to do is
introduce the silverside here and what
we do is turn off our kitchen to
first boil and let's put
the juice
come here we have the seeds of
ajonjolí and we will add a little
look how everything changes
there is good here we have our
pickled oriental fish and they
I recommend accompanying him with an arrocito
White
a super simple recipe so now
they know how to eat fish